Add settings docs (#123)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/reference/settings.md

# Settings

> Wagtail Live makes use of the following settings, in addition to Django and Wagtail's:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wagtail Live makes use of the following settings, in addition to Django's and Wagtail's:
```

Example:
```python
WAGTAIL_LIVE_PAGE_MODEL = "liveblog.models.LiveBlogPage"
```

### `WAGTAIL_LIVE_RECEIVER`
| Description                                                                                      | Required | Default |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|
| Path to the receiver to use. <br>The receiver specified must inherit from `BaseMessageReceiver`. | Yes      | None    |

See [Configure an input source and its corresponding receiver](../getting_started/tutorial.md#configure-an-input-source-and-its-corresponding-receiver).

### `WAGTAIL_LIVE_PUBLISHER`
| Description                   | Required | Default |
|-------------------------------|----------|---------|
| Path to the publisher to use. | Yes      | None    |

See [Configuring a publisher](../getting_started/tutorial.md#configuring-a-publisher).

## Slack receivers
### `SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET`
| Description          | Required            | Default |
|----------------------|---------------------|---------|
| Slack signing secret | For Slack receivers | None    |

> We recommend storing sensitives values as environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend storing sensitive values as environment variables.
```

```python
SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET = os.environ['SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET']
```

### `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN`
| Description                                                   | Required            | Default |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------|

> | Slack bot token. It's used to download images from Slack API. | For Slack receivers | None    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Slack bot token. This is used to download images from the Slack API. | For Slack receivers | None    |
```

```python
SLACK_BOT_TOKEN = os.environ['SLACK_BOT_TOKEN']
```

## Telegram receivers
### `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`
| Description        | Required               | Default |
|--------------------|------------------------|---------|
| Telegram bot token | For Telegram receivers | None    |

```python
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN = os.environ['TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN']
```

### `TELEGRAM_WEBHOOK_URL`
| Description                                                                                                           | Required               | Default |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|---------|

> | The URL Telegram uses to send updates to your app.<br><br>It needs to be publicly accessible and server over `https`. | For Telegram receivers | None    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The URL used by Telegram to send updates to your app.<br><br>It must be publicly accessible and served over `https`. | For Telegram receivers | None    |
```

Should it be double line `<br>`? Your other long lines have a single `<br>`.
